skeet dee dee dee jay half-past yes hey
what's going on guys DJ has to you and
I'm bringing guys part two of my nuke
with every SMG series that I'm got going
on in my tnt which is tactical in
tuesday's if you guys did not know and
i'm running around with this mini uzi
and i'm trying to get a nuke and i'm
playing a team deathmatch and i did not
think that i'd be able to pull one be
able to pull off getting a nuke in team
deathmatch to ever getting a fucking
nuke with this mini uzi um up close
obviously the mini uzi is a great gun
you it's it's like effective I mean it
has a good fire rate the clip size is
decent but you can only get like if you
get a triple kill with a fucking mini
uzi like somebody probably should give
you a hand job or something because
getting a triple spray was a fucking
mini uzi is not an easy thing to do the
bullets individually don't seem to do
shit you could see the recoil is all
over the place and distance that forget
about I mean really really long
distances line long lines of distance
are no fucking no good at least in my
opinion now I do switch to the peeping
right here and I don't know why I
decided to use that instead of the minus
Z honestly I think that the fucking
pp-2000 actually shoots longer lines
then the 10 the fucking mini uzi but I
wasn't using my javelin at this point
because I figured javelin on a trailer
park is kind of a joke for me I've
gotten more nukes on trailer park than
any other map at this point and I can
actually show you I haven't posted it
yet but I was guarantee how to get a
nuke on trailer park and i'll create
that video soon but basically so i
didn't use i did not use the javelin on
this one because I just again it would
just be too easy so I'm rushing around
and thread in my hair here and look at
that motherfucker shot down my shit
already I would consider this a pretty
badass game in my opinion if you guys
think it's a bad ass game you guys could
leave a thumbs up but
with a nun arrogance factor that I feel
that I have it's fun it's nice to be
able to say I think I think that was a
good game and I think this was a good
game mostly because like I clutch it out
at the at the end here and the other
team has an ac-130 I believe you'll see
and I plugins still managing at the last
kill to get the nuke and it made me
pretty goddamn excited to see that so
you guys are new to my channel tnt is
again the tactical move tuesday series
and every tuesday i will post an attack
of Luke video and and I fucking stutter
my shit it's hard to say tactical nuke
but mother fuck so i'll be posting a
video every Tuesday of the nuke and
basically i'm going to be doing i did
previously a nuke on every map minus R
minus rust and skid row but Skid Row I
had a an old video as I mentioned before
on my channel that I had that I've got a
nuke on Skid Row and all 30 but but now
I'm going to do something different like
I'm just going to do a new quick
different guns and the first one was
with the vector and then this one is
obviously with the minions himself I was
like kind of flustered here I was like
fuck I kind of want to rush out and try
to figure out what these guys are
spawning then also I look up her leg
mother fuck all my team is around me
they got an ac-130 they got a fucking
Harrier like this shit's not going to
happen and I don't know look at that I
mean it's just the throne um the shots
with this a c-130 and it's just not
killing me clear God and then I see this
dude popping around the corner luckily
just that one guy was there they were
catching our score up i ended up being a
little is nick and i was super excited
about it so I believe this was a I don't
know if it was flawless or not did I
fucking die or not let's see and I know
you guys are like there's no such thing
as applause newquay died yeah so it was
I only kill only my death I got was the
one I fucking gave myself so that was
pretty awesome and if you guys do like
this video give it a fucking thumbs up
or something and
and appreciate guys watching look for
the next in the series and hopefully you
guys enjoyed thanks